📝 Add AI contribution requirements to PR template (#5525)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-admin: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] I added a label to the PR corresponding to the perimeter of my contribution
- [ ] The title of my PR mentionned the issue associated

### AI requirements

*Skip the checkboxes below 👇 If you didn't use AI for your contribution*

* [ ] I used AI assistance to produce part or all of this contribution
* [ ] I have read, reviewed, understood and can explain the code I am submitting

> * [ ] I can explainand discuss my work to a maintainer

Author: ```suggestion
* [ ] I can explain and discuss my work to a maintainer
```

> * [ ] I pasted the prompt used and mentionned the model used below

Author: ```suggestion
* [ ] I pasted the prompt used and mentioned the model used below
```
